Dr. Leonard Horowitz was among the first
to sound the alarm about the negative impacts
of vaccinations and the larger political picture
surrounding them.
This lead him to the exploration
of esotaric healing modalities to counter the effects
of the vaccines and other diseases.
In his research, he discovered some cloaked information
regarding the power of music,
not just to heal,
but to harm.
We spoke with him about this
but not before we got an update on the H5N1 flu
that's anticipated to sweep the globe this fall.
(surreal techno music)
Leonard, it's good to meet with you about this topic
'cause it is a very auspicious time right now.
As we're meeting at this conference,
the Bilderberg Group is meeting in Spain.
And I notice when I look through the roster
of the attendees,
and this is a subject very near and dear to your heart,
you spent a tremendous amount of time and energy on,
is a man named Daniel Vasella.
I believe he's the CEO of Novartis.
And Novartis is one of the companies awarded
a very, very large contract
after the last Bilderberg meeting
for the new type
of incubation processed flu vaccines
that came out last year.
In your talk yesterday, I just perked up when you said
you're expecting there's gonna be an H5N1 released
this year.
Just launch right in and tell us what's going on
to your understanding.
Well we're being set up for depopulation.
Essentially the goal as Bill Gates himself,
before the TED conference last February,
articulated,
there's a specific targeting of about six billion people
that need to be eliminated from a seven billion population.
And that the vaccinations which he says he loves
is really a genocidal weapon,
when you really begin to understand vaccinations have
intoxicating ingredients.
Heavy metals, mercury, aluminum,
formaldehyde, formalin.
The active agents include the genetic material,
flu viruses.
In the case of H1N1,
you're looking at live, active viruses that
when people get vaccinated,
they shed and the spread those live, active viruses.
And in this case of Novartis
which acquired Novavax,
which was the company that actually triggered
my inquiry.
Because I was reading press releases from
the Novavax Corporation,
having prepared combination vaccinations
that included H1N1
and H5N1,
and the H5N1 is a very, very deadly virus.
It kills six out of ten people it infects.
It's the worst kind of flu.
The recombination in a vaccination
of H1N1 with H5N1
was what Novavax had actually come out with,
saying that they had this vaccine just a couple weeks
before the press announced
the emergence
of the Mexican swine flu.
Yes.
So this was April 2009.
Yes, and it was very interesting timing,
I tracked that and wrote a blog for anyone interested
called, Big Pharma's Rock Stars.
They can find that on our site.
And it tracks this and the timing of all this,
which is not just suspicious but stinky.
Oh, it's horrible.
And highly incriminating.
I actually was the first one to put up on Youtube,
and you can go there right now if you do a search
on Mexican swine flu Dr. Horowitz special report.
You'll see we have probably about 300,000 people
who have viewed this,
and it is the one that alerted us to the fact
that this is a globalist agenda.
The World Health Organization
had actually paid and consulted
with Dr. James Robertson,
who with Dr. John Woods ran the laboratory,
the influenza branch for the World Health Organization
in charge of selecting the viruses
that would be used
in the near future.
One of the most disturbing of all the revelations
in reviewing this testimony that Dr. Robertson had given
to World Health Organization officials,
is that he recommended in advance
of a suspected emerging outbreak,
that the populations would be vaccinated,
or exposed,
beforehand to a weaker type of strain
to induce
herd immunity.
Is that H1N1?
That's H1N1.
That happened last year.
Yes.
That's what the vaccinations really did.
The H1N1 vaccinations
actually spread H1N1
and then created this
then alleged immunity
in the vaccinated populations,
but not just the vaccinated populations
because it spreads from vaccinated people
to non-vaccinated people.
Everyone was pretty much exposed to H1N1 already.
So now the next step of course,
is to recombine through some natural phenomenon,
they would tell us, and they been telling us.
From my understanding,
currently there's two state public health agencies
in the United States that are already promoting,
come get your vaccinations in advance of the potential
of H5N1 recombining with H1N1,
and that that's supposedly gonna be happening
in the fall of 2010.
So that's now within a few months.
Leonard, last year my instinct was, we were being
set up with those vaccines,
and interestingly they did not get the population
on board to the degree that they had hoped they would
voluntarily.
Which we'll talk about that part later,
but I just wanna go back to what we were originally
talking about.
Daniel Vasella promised his shareholders at Novartis
that he was going to bring out a billion dollar winner
for the shareholders.
There's a huge motivation
to release not only the virus, but the vaccine.
Obviously, this is big money.
Can you tell us what's going on?
I think that that's extremely important
and I would highly recommend that you get this
information out as urgently and quickly as possible.
Because understanding that Novavax
was acquired by Novartis,
so Daniel Vasella as CEO of Novartis
has acquired the company that, as I mentioned,
triggered my whole instinct like yours
that something fishy was going on here.
How could you have
within a couple weeks of a press release saying
that we have the H5N1 and the H1N1 vaccine
available, proven effective,
and then you realize they were seeding H1N1,
and that they're now telling us that H5N1
was already circulating.
You didn't need a rocket scientist to tell you that
it was gonna be recombining.
So they set it up to spread H1N1
via the vaccinations,
via the fright and the outbreak in Mexico,
in a year in advance a marketing campaign,
and a economic agenda
that serves not only profit,
but depopulation.
Because ultimately they're looking forward to killing
six out of seven people on this planet.
That's under discussion right now.
These kinds of arrangements are being made
at the Bilderberg meeting this weekend,
and he is always strategically placed.
He shows up there almost every year.
So not surprising when you start looking at the timing
of the rollout of the awarding of these
particular contracts.
And Novartis is right up there.
They're jumping on the spot,
ready to come forth with the new vaccine
that's going to handle H5N1 recombinant with H1N1.
You talked about also combining with natural factors,
could one of these natural factors be (laughs) chemtrails
that are being sprayed all over the NATO countries,
not just the US.
I believe there's a substantial amount of evidence.
In fact there's a mountain of evidence
that clearly indicates that this chemtrail spraying
that is literally causing people who who to have
respiratory problems now,
and we're seeing more and more of this internationally.
That the aluminum and the barium
and the other chemicals that are in it,
and we don't really have a complete list
of all the chemicals in it.
There's been researchers who've done a wonderful job
documenting it and investigating this intoxication.
Ultimately, it's for the same program,
because what people don't understand,
it's called the Russian Biological Cocktail method
of conducting quote, non-lethal warfare.
It was termed the Russian Biological Cocktail method
by the Americans.
It's a form of exposing targeted populations
to combinations of chemicals which wreak havoc
with the human immune system,
leaving people more susceptible to opportunistic
infections then.
And then the biologicals.
So you weaken populations with chemtrail sprayings,
with the aluminum, the formaldehyde,
and the vaccinations are a typical example
of what's called a Russian Biological Cocktail.
It's a biological weapon.
That's what a vaccination is.
It has chemicals and biological, or genetic,
and proteinaceous agents from bacteria,
viruses, fungus.
All of these agents, these infectious agents--
That are all unrecognizable to the human immune system.
They would be recognizable if we were to be
receiving them through natural routes,
such as oral routes.
But the reality is with vaccinations,
you're getting it injected directly into the bloodstream,
which actually is opposing to the natural way
that a human immune system has been,
by the grace of the Creator, created.
You have in the gut, for example,
the Peyer's patches.
The fundamental first line of defense
once an agent gets into
your gut,
is essentially through the immune system of the gut
which then alerts the rest of the immune system
that it's been exposed to this agent.
And that's fine, that's normal.
People still could get sick but at least the immune system
is now engaged in its normal process.
And you have it injected
mercury, aluminum, formaldehyde,
formalin, MSG, polysorbate 80, Tween.
You wouldn't be injecting these chemicals
into the bloodstream that actually weaken
the immune system.
And then with the new adjuvanted vaccinations
such as the H1N1,
most of those vaccinations are containing these
agents that they called adjuvants.
Which include nonoxyl-9 spermicide,
which has also been shown
to be a mutagen.
It causes fetal abnormalities,
it causes birth defects
and spontaneous abortions.
So right now, if you really did a sophisticated review
of even the Centers for Disease Control's own,
what's called V-A-R-S studies,
it's the Vaccine Adverse Event Report Survey.
If you study that you realize they report
hundreds and hundreds of women who had
spontaneous abortions, miscarriages,
following H1N1 vaccination.
But they only report about 10% of the actual miscarriages,
so you gotta multiply their numbers by probably ninefold.
Now you begin to see that you have had thousands
of cases of spontaneous miscarriages following
H1N1 vaccinations
that the mainstream media has not even touched upon.
Mainstream media in recent months,
Sherri Kane, investigative journalist
and a Fox News defector,
has investigated the links between Big Pharma
and the mainstream media.
And exposed the mob bosses
in charge of the drug cartel,
the same people who are controlling the mainstream media.
So they're not telling you what the real risks are,
they're not telling you how many pregnant women
are actually miscarrying because of the vaccinations,
nor are they gonna tell you what's really happening.
Which is this recombination scenario has been set up
for them to have a mass killing, not only on Wall Street,
because like you mentioned,
Novartis' stocks are gonna soar
when they have the Johnny-on-the-spot
H5N1-H1N1 recombinant vaccination.
Their billion dollars profit is assured,
plus they have advanced the depopulation agenda.
Making people sick
and profiting not only off of humanity's suffering,
but in the most exquisite and demonic way
to reduce populations most profitably.
They have engineered in their labs
and through the media.
Okay, well, that's rather dire, of course.
You said earlier that the H1N1,
you didn't have to have the vaccine
because you could actually expose one another.
If anyone within your household or community had H1N1,
you were automatically exposing--
Very likely you were exposed, yeah.
So a very large part of the population
in the NATO nations have been exposed to H1N1.
Let's say the vaccine does the same thing.
Let's say we have a low uptake on volunteerism
to get H5N1.
What happens with this scenario?
If say it plays out similarly to last year.
Wasn't a huge percentage of the population that really
upped for it because there was so much negative publicity.
Well everything is set up right now
because of the Model State Emergency Health Powers Act
to mandate vaccinations.
In fact a lot of people are concerned as I am
about the Census Bureau going house to house
in the last many months
to get absolute clarity as to who's living where.
Which ethnicities in particular.
Which ethnicities, exactly.
These viruses affect different ethnicities differently.
Exactly, there is higher predispositions
for various illnesses
and susceptibility to diseases between races.
Now that's standard eugenics.
That's the old, old,
before it was called genetics it was called really eugenics.
So what we have is a combination
of racial hygiene.
In fact, eugenics is defined
as the scientific investigation
of genetic differences between the races,
including the genetic predispositions for diseases
between the races.
So yes, indeed.
Now they have a really good profile
as of this 2010 census.
They do, they have that.
The Model State Emergency Health Powers Act
that has been enacted by most of the states,
Barack Obama to my knowledge has never reversed
the emergency
with H1N1.
And that then allowed legislatively,
and according to statutory law
and the health department's administrative rules
and regulations.
Enabling the officials from the state,
the public health officials,
the director of public health of a state
of let's say California,
to mandate vaccinations
for every man, woman, and child.
That legislation is already established
and my great concern is that
most people will go along with this.
Everything is set in place to do so.
Once it set in motion through the media
that we now have an emergency at hand.
That we have an emergency
and all they have to do is loose out of the lab,
just like they did with the anthrax fright.
They mailed anthrax.
Well gee whiz, didn't take again a rocket scientist
to put the pieces together.
I was one of the people that did that,
I was the first one who did it actually,
and I was the first one that went to the FBI
about how the Bayer Corporation was heavily implicated
in not only the production of Cipro,
the Johnny-on-the-spot, selected antibiotic for anthrax,
but also the anthrax vaccine manufacturing company
that was hideously condemned even by
the United States Congress when they did an investigation.
Completely neglected by the mainstream media.
So people didn't get that information.
Likewise they're not gonna get
the background information.
All they have to do is release some out of a little plane
or spray some
in a spraying unit in Los Angeles, let's say,
or San Francisco.
They'll loose H5N1
and suddenly now they've got their outbreak
and you know what's gonna happen in mainstream media,
they're gonna go mad,
and the fright is gonna be incredible.
Then they will have Johnny-on-the-spot
Novartis' H5N1-H1N1
recombinant vaccine available,
shipped out urgently,
lines of people standing in line to get it,
and that's how they would run the scenario.
So in this worst-case scenario
that is a potential scenario, we know this,
what can we do
as individuals to protect ourselves from that
and keep that stuff from being pumped into us?
And not only that,
what can we do within our own immune systems
to beef ourselves up so that we may not be as susceptible
even if we're exposed to someone who has come down
with those symptoms?
Right now, you should be stockpiling OXYSILVER.
OXYSILVER is the most profound broad-spectrum--
Is that a nanosilver, angstrom silver, colloidal silver?
It's a microfine silver that is on the nano range,
it's not nano technology.
It's NASA technology
that was based on sound and light,
to be able to bond the microfine silver
actually to the water
via the oxygen molecule.
The oxygen element.
And H2O, so the oxygen therein actually has a covalent bond
to the microfine silver,
allowing it to go into the cells,
even kill of the mycoplasma agents that are
hard for the immune system to find,
and then basically kills off the pathogens,
the disease inducers in your body,
and then it leaves the body.
It doesn't accumulate in the tissues like the old
colloidal silvers.
Again, they were fine for their age but we have now--
It's moved beyond that, and I know some of the people
behind the scenes that you've worked with on this technology
who have a deep history and understanding
of pretty advanced systems of healing.
So I'll just say that.
I also know that your OXYSILVER
is being offered through Healthy World.
Healthy World Affiliates is what I would recommend.
Because the healthyworldaffiliates.com opportunity
is what we've created because we're all in this together.
We're all one family being attacked right now.
The war isn't really against the United States of America,
it's not an international war.
Right now the war is against your body sovereign.
To get people to partner
and to engage in an opportunity that can save lives,
but also create sustainability, economically,
in terms of prosperity in all ways.
Eventually what you come when you study my work,
both the bad news in the virology
and the bad news in how public health is being abused
as a depopulation, genocidal operation,
into the great news.
What's been suppressed.
For example, the product OXYSILVER has, just in itself,
the capacity to bring Big Pharma to its knees.
Because of the technology that's been suppressed
by Big Pharma is so advanced
and decrees how healing can be made so simple.
This is a virtual mineral water.
Right.
It's not a drug.
It can't be regulated by the FDA.
You can't regulate mineral water as a drug.
So how does it operate?
Well it operates in three different ways,
one is by destabilizing the germs,
the electrons that robs the electrons leaving
the germ coat destabilized,
and then it swells with water and it bursts.
That's the first thing it does.
The second thing it does,
it's unique to this particular product,
is it has a oxygen cloud.
So oxygen is the most healing of all the elements
in the period table of elements.
It is the most powerful healing element
that's why oxygenation therapies,
everything from neurological conditions
are helped.
Cancers--
Hyperbaric chambers.
Hyperbaric chambers, exactly.
So OXYSILVER has secondarily a oxygenating effect,
but most important of all deals with this issue
of 528 hertz frequency.
It is a resonating liquid.
Water and, think about it, silver water.
Silver is a superconductor.
Water is also a superconductor,
it's a liquid crystal superconductor.
So we now know that the reason a blade of grass
is greenish-yellow,
is because it's vibrating to 528.
The botanical world gets it.
It gets it because it's the center of the rainbow,
the electromagnetic color spectrum.
Heart chakra, classic.
The heart chakra, the heart.
As above, so below.
As it is in your heart, so it is in the cosmos.
So the reality is that the central frequency
by which all of reality is manifested
is in 528.
Hertz frequency, that's cycles per second.
OXYSILVER carries that resonance energy
and it is a double superconductor
of that resonance energy,
and it is the first product that we actually
urge people to pray with as you take OXYSILVER.
It amplifies because it operates on that simplest
of all systems of sustaining and healing,
which is love.
Which is the heart,
which is the intention for recreating and healing.
This is one of the things if people simply understood,
now we've got clearly the most powerful of all
of the broad-spectrum antimicrobials
competing directly with all the antibiotics.
In fact, making antibiotics which are so toxic,
and all vaccinations obsolete,
with this one product,
and then they understand how it works
so miraculously,
that's the end of the medical paradigm.
You get engaged in how healing actually takes place,
and the truth of the matter is
all of the drug industrialists,
and the vaccine industrialists,
they're working with chemicals.
But if we understand that's spiritual,
it's not against flesh and blood with whom
we do battle.
Underlying physical,
more powerful than chemistry,
is spirituality,
and sound and light signaling.
That's what genetics is about really fundamentally.
And that when we engage the music of divinity,
what all of nature's vibrating to,
and dogs chew grass,
wheat grass to heal when they're sick,
instinctively.
That knowledge, that intelligence
is exactly what can shift the whole paradigm
of this focus on intoxication and injection,
for now, depopulation.
Shift out of that paradigm into real healing.
And it's interesting because it's actually
having the OXYSILVER,
it's the brand name that you're working with
with this product.
Having the OXYSILVER almost serves as
a totem, in a sense,
to be able to impregnate with consciousness
in addition to the physical properties of it.
It's really a segue into work and encouraging
human beings to work with our own consciousness
in our own healing process,
because we know through all of the research
that's been done since the 1940s and 50s
on the clustering structure
and memory of water.
We know that water interfaces, Dr. Masaru Emoto's work,
we know that it interfaces with our thoughts,
with our consciousness,
with our feelings and our emotions.
So I see it as a really beautiful opportunity
to remind people as they're beefing their immune system up
with this mineral water, we shall say,
to really seize on what you said,
to use consciousness with it as well.
Because this is the bridge.
This is where everything's going.
This is our healing of the future.
Exactly right.
This is a good time then to start segueing over
into the frequencies of the music
and the 528 frequency that you're talking about.
I listened to your talk yesterday and found some things
that are really interesting that,
lot of times in my line of work I feel like
I've almost heard it all,
but I had not heard this before and find it fascinating
as I'm sure everybody listening will.
Let's go back to the year 1938,
we're talking about frequencies where there was
some kind of a charter or standardization,
you can set us straight on this,
of frequencies, under Joseph Goebbels.
Joseph Goebbels was promoting
A440 hertz.
And this is part of a New World Order agenda,
and it was adopted by the British Standards Institute.
Just launch on this and tell us what this all about,
and take us through some of the history
for anyone who doesn't know what we're talking about yet.
Start from the beginning.
Well Joseph Goebbels was the propaganda minister
for the Third Reich,
and in 1938, as you mentioned,
he was promoting on behalf of a global cartel.
In this particular case you had RCA,
you had General Electric,
you had EMI which people know as Abbey Road
where the Beatles did their recordings.
You had these organizations
along with the United States Navy,
that were serving a Rothchild-Rockafeller
banking cartel's agenda
to develop war technology.
Through acoustics, and acoustic science.
They had determined that there were certain frequencies
that would cause mass hysteria.
That's what they were looking for.
They were looking for psycho-emotional triggers
that would induce stress, induce illness,
induce confusion, and mass hysteria.
And of course if you think about it,
naturally they would be looking for it,
how to use music, how to apply music to the media,
to film, to radio,
that would actually increase the markets
for pharmaceuticals.
So who was, in 1938,
the major pharmaceutical industrialist?
Well, it was Rockefeller Standard Oil Company,
allied with IG Farben,
Germany's leading industrial organization
that for all practical purposes was the Third Reich.
Their top officials were the top SS.
They were partnered completely,
in fact married is the term that US federal judge
decreed was the best adjective,
for the Rockefeller German petrochemical pharmaceutical
cartel called IG Farben.
So they had started the Rockefeller Archives
and the Rockefeller Foundation.
When they started eugenics, which we talked about earlier,
which was the racial hygiene.
Before Hitler called it racial hygiene it was called
eugenics.
They were looking to control certain unwanted populations
by inducing illnesses genetically,
and causing sterility through injection of everything
from viruses, et cetera.
And chemical toxicity.
Back in the time that the Rockefellers funded the
Kaiser Wilhelm Institute,
for eugenics, anthropology, and human heredity,
in pre-Nazi Germany,
with Ernst Rudin being a premiere promoter.
And Marian Wright Edelman was promoting eugenics,
this is the origin of what Hillary Rodham Clinton
is engaged in currently,
the Children's Rights agenda.
All of this was unfolding at that time,
along with the military research
into how to induce mass hysteria.
It was determined that A440 hertz frequency
was the quote, best frequency,
for standard tuning
by these same experts in acoustic science.
There was no other reason given
for A440 being selected.
The only explanation that they gave us was
that it was close to 439,
which some of the orchestras in Europe
had been tuning to.
But other than that, those frequencies themselves
had also been
taken on,
and without any clear reason or rationale.
But the A440 emerged out of this consortium
of experts in military war research in acoustics.
We're talking about the US Navy was involved,
the Princeton Radio Project,
there was even an implication did you say yesterday,
Manhattan Project?
Was that loosely related or affiliated to an extent?
It was in location and it was in funding,
in so far as the Rockefeller Foundation
at this same period in history,
was funding the Manhattan Project
through the organization,
think it's called the IAS.
Yes, right, IAS.
That this organization
was where Einstein operated from
and this organization bringing it into the health arena,
was founded by the man that instituted modern medicine,
to have the monopoly over healthcare.
It was Abraham Flexner.
Flexner and the Flexner Report is infamous in history
for having demonized chiropractic and homeopathic
and all of the alternatives to pharmaceutical
allopathic drug-based care.
This is the same group of people that were involved--
Is this called military war music research?
It was military war music research, that's exactly right.
Military frequency acoustic science research,
that was engaged.
And the Princeton Radio Project which was also right in
the same neighborhood of Princeton,
with the Manhattan Project funded likewise
by the Rockefeller Foundation and the
Rothchild-Rockefeller banking cartel,
to bring about the methods and technologies of war,
including the most advanced energy weaponry,
nuclear.
But you have to understand,
energy weaponry, for the human being,
is frequency.
Music, sound, vibration.
So this is what they were engaged in at the time.
So what happened then?
The 440 was introduced and you talked about something,
I can't remember now and I don't have it in my notes.
It was an observation made regarding
tuning to an organ in a symphony.
The organ would tune to 440,
they'd have a devil of a time trying to get to 440,
and automatically we'd surface back
and fall back into a 444 which is a harmonious tone, right?
Right.
So their beings unconsciously
kept trying to go to the healthy frequencies
even though they were being promoted and directed
to go to the 440 frequency.
Right.
The actual beginning in the United States
of this effort to get musicians to tune
to A440 hertz frequency as a standard,
started between 1913 and 1918.
Again, Rockefeller Foundation funded.
This is so insidious. (brief giggling)
So that didn't go over well,
although the did persuade officials at the
American Federation of Musicians
to institute that, it never went over well,
and the European musicians,
where the real culture is coming from Europe,
particularly in classical music
and in orchestras.
These folks completely rejected it.
That's why they had to turn to Joseph Goebbels,
because this propaganda minister who was the
principal nemesis
of the British Intelligence.
You have to understand this date of 1939,
when they actually instituted
following the British Standards Institute's evaluation
of the information presented by the experts,
along with Joseph Goebbels,
this was the frequency that they selected.
At the very time
that they saw Hitler's militarization
about to engage war on Poland to start World War II.
Here's Hitler's top propagandist promoting this,
and the Brit's principal enemy,
they select his frequency?
And say yes, we will go along with this
for all of the European musicians?
So that's what happened,
that's how we instituted A440 hertz standard tuning.
And it's like you said, the top expert in the field,
there's two actually, one contemporary Lynn Cavanagh
who has written the definitive article examining
how and why did we implement this completely arbitrary,
totally questionable frequency for standard tuning
of musical instruments.
She reviewed the literature and among her reviewed sources
is a Llewelyn Lloyd, who is an expert in the 1940s,
published in the Royal Society of Arts and Sciences
in the music arena,
dealt with this absurdity
of the frequency of A440
being dissonant
to what in the hearts of musicians, that they normally feel.
And he was the one that used an example.
He would say, for example,
and he did this,
he would tune at the beginning of a concert,
of course all the instruments would be tuned
to one particular organ, frequency,
that they set as A440.
And he says, yes we could do that.
We could get all the musicians to tune to that frequency,
but by the time the concert ended,
all of their frequencies were higher.
The musicians actually tuned up so that the organ itself
was lower by about 4 hertz.
And he stated that specifically.
Now in research we've learned that A444,
which is what the natural instinct of those musicians
and the concert,
basically the leaders of the orchestra,
and the arrangers,
and those compositions were produced by people who are
in the spirit when they produce it.
Yeah, so their hearts are naturally tuning them back.
Exactly.
So take just a moment to explain the connection between
A444 and 528.
Sure, the research indicates
that A444 is the equivalent
to C5 528.
C5 is the octave,
it's the fifth C on the piano.
So it's essentially the same heart resonance?
It's the same.
Okay, I just wanted to clarify that so people
didn't get confused.
If you get really technical
about it, the folks that I work with
who are advanced physicists,
I'm not an expert in this field,
I'm just relaying what the experts have relayed to me.
Okay.
It's actually,
399 point,
I think it's,
a couple digits,
if you wanna be real precise.
But if you tune on, for example,
what's available to us is chord chromatic tuners,
or the little instruments that we could use
to tune our guitars and our instruments.
444 is so close
to C5 528
that you can't even perceive the difference,
And the harmonic resonance is such that's it's likewise
uplifting and fulfilling,
in terms of the heart energy and the heart chakra.
It's like it vibrates the heart strings,
everybody knows it when they feel it.
Okay, just wanted to get that clarified
so people didn't confuse,
444, 440.
Now we understand this.
Now let's go back to 440.
There was another little known thing that you mentioned,
it has to do with Colonel Tom Parker,
and I think anybody, certainly in our age group,
knows that this was the man behind Elvis Presley.
So talk a little bit about that and the introduction
into rock music of the 440.
Well, he has a very infamous history.
Somehow Colonel Tom Parker which was an alias.
I can't even remember his original name,
he was from the Netherlands,
he came to the United States
and enlisted in the Army
in 1928,
and he did that illegally.
He wasn't an American citizen?
He was not an American citizen,
he could not, he had no right.
It occurs to those of us that have now studied his history,
what happened with Elvis Presley,
it appears that Colonel Tom Parker was Elvis' handler.
Yes.
Who was clearly in communication with
Army Special Services Intelligence division,
and the induction of Elvis Presley into the military
was directed by Colonel Tom Parker
through the Secret Services,
Special Services is Secret Services and Intelligence.
The interesting link is that
Elvis was the first one
that I'm aware of in history,
who had this crowd reaction of mass hysteria.
In fact, that what they used to describe the audience
reaction to Elvis.
Now this is true, because prior to him there had been
stars such as Frank Sinatra.
There had been huge global stars.
They were swooning women.
There was swooning.
But they didn't have this mass hysterical rioting.
Sobbing, rioting, yes.
And that's what they did with Elvis.
If you begin to piece together these elements,
it's highly incriminating because again,
RCA,
which Colonel Tom Parker
had negotiated Elvis' contract,
he was an RCA recording artist.
And you understand Radio Corporation of America's emergance
out of this Rockefeller- Rothchild cartel.
The banking cartel that had the global domination,
One World Order orientation,
funding the Nazis as they did,
funding the JPMorgan Chase today,
back then it was JPMorgan who was the bagman
for the Rothchild's giving money to the Rockefellers
to actually create the Rockefeller's dominance
over the petrochemical and pharmaceutical industry.
So this is a cabal of major movers and shakers
in the financial industry,
actually funding both sides of every war.
And so they did that, and important in their process was
this propaganda,
this population manipulation through music.
Was this used through the Nazi propaganda
in the war music, the military music of the Nazis?
Exactly, this was the music that would drive stress,
flight-or-fight reactions, optimally.
The research that we have,
and it's still in its infancy,
we really need a research institute with some
top people involved.
But from the people that we've been working with already
who are pretty genius,
they have determined the throat chakra on down
is blocked by A440 standard tuning.
And it stimulates throat chakra up,
so it stimulates ego,
it stimulates this whole left-brain consciousness
where it's perfect if you wanna promote
the god of science,
or the god of technology, or the medical deities
who are gonna cure you from your illnesses.
So it separates us from our true feeling.
It separates us from the heart,
and it's the heart that the creative arts
is really connected to.
And needs to be connected to,
and celebrated.
Because if you talk to every good musician
and good vocalist when they're performing
and they're in the flow,
in other words their voice is completely registered divine,
and their musical instrument becomes part of their being
so that they actually compose
and they express divinity,
through their hearts.
This is how to optimize your performance.
So this is what the top experts and the top celebrities
in the field of music understand already.
What they don't understand is what you're bringing out now.
That A440 standard tuning does the optimum suppression
of that clear channel broadcast from,
the heavenly throne if you will.
God's core creator frequencies we know now,
there's only nine core creator frequencies,
of which 528 is central.
You can to love528.com,
read Victor Showell's incredible papers,
read other researchers in the field like Marco Rodin,
who is a mathematical genius,
who determined there's a matrix of math,
or music, in the universe.
'Cause music is mathematics.
It's frequencies.
Frequencies, cycles per second.
It's totally scriptural in sense in the beginning
there was the Creator and the water.
Now most of your body is made of water.
Like you mentioned, Dr. Emoto's brilliant work
showing water's conscious,
it reacts, it responds
to words of prayer, words are sounds,
sound is electromagnetic frequencies,
that's simply math.
The Creator's language is math.
Creation is a manifestation of mathematics,
music coming out of water.
So if you can distort that to point where we can no longer
feel the nature of love coming through our own instrument
as it were,
you have a highly controllable population.
That you can steer the emotions.
Absolutely, and again going back to what I said,
this is the top technology for population manipulation.
If you're dealing with energy,
you're the energy industrialist and you're advancing
nuclear weaponry at the same time you're doing
acoustic frequency research and development,
with the same people, virtually, involved.
With the same funding agencies and the same intention
to use this for war,
and for literally dividing people.
'Cause that's what they do, to create their wars.
Then you would want to focus in on the maximum
population manipulation spiritual repression.
And that's what A440 hertz frequency is.
And not only that,
because it's popularized throughout culture,
we take it on voluntarily.
Through the Western world.
Yes.
Thankfully, the native populations,
the Aboriginals,
the music makers in those tribes
have rejected the A440 standard tuning.
They still make their instruments and they still
bring their voices to the A444
or C528 frequency,
and that's why so many of the healers now,
we have a whole revolution in the music industry right now.
Led by the healers
and the topic of my presentation is
can musicians save the world?
Can music save the world?
The answer I already know.
The answer is yes.
Because we are the music.
We source from music.
So to optimally sustain, uplift, and heal ourselves
and our planet,
all we have to do is look at a blade of grass,
and integrate the wisdom and the divine intelligence
that a blade of grass demonstrates
by growing into the light,
in this specific frequency of 528.
Green.
Color of heart chakra energy, yeah.
The whole botanical world gets it, pretty much.
Most of the botanical world.
And when you think about energy,
think about where is the source of our energy.
All energy,
whether it's the blinking of your eye,
or whether it's the electrical
currents, copper wire, in the alternating currents.
It's all electrons.
Yes.
And all of the electrons source from the same source,
water.
H+ plus OH- is the equation.
H+ indicates a electron has been donated.
And that electron is vibrating,
and the vibration of that electron, in nature,
optimally, most energetically,
is 528.
That's why the botanical world is mostly greenish-yellow.
And to validate what you said earlier
when you were talking about the same characters
that were developing all these military applications
and agendas at the same time.
There was an interview done,
I believe it may have been even in the 1960s
with, is his name John Todd?
I think it was John Todd.
Excuse me anybody listening if I'm wrong,
but you might just do a search on John Todd.
And it had to do with the Illuminati presence
in the musical industry.
Essentially what he was saying,
as someone who had defected from that realm,
is that there are temples
within studios of the large recording companies,
where they essentially bless,
under certain astrological conditions and so forth,
the music that goes out into the world.
Very highly energetically, manipulated and controlled
to certain frequencies to be released to the population
at very key times that we're receptive
to that particular imprint.
And that again, is in the world of modern music.
This doesn't have to do with classical,
this is modern releases all the way through
hip hop, rap, you name it.
It makes complete sense that they would do that
given all the evidence that we now have.
I'm just adding that in
if anyone wants to do a search on it.
I found that very intriguing.
That the Illuminati would be,
I say Illuminati loosely,
we know what we mean, the cabal,
would be so interested in it, to have that practice there.
Because again, it's not against flesh and blood
with whom we do battles.
Spirit is energy.
Energy's electromagnetic frequency.
So if you wanna dominate the planet,
you wanna dominate the human race,
you wanna control that, and manipulate them,
and coerce them optimally,
you've gotta engage frequency.
Sound, acoustic science.
That's why it was ongoing with these major
movers and shakers that were advancing
the Manhattan Project were involved
with the acoustic science manipulation.
You played a little clip yesterday that was
of the 528 frequency,
and you can feel it, and you can recognize it.
And when we hear these beautiful
Native American flute pieces,
we can feel.
Like you say, this is leading the way in the healing music
of the planet.
A lot of it is the indigenous music of the planet
in these very native, natural instruments.
And you recognize it immediately.
Your body feels it.
There is a sense of joy, and all is well,
and upliftment, and soothing and calming.
So you're taking this on by creating
a kind of alternative iTunes, as it were, right?
Right.
That's what 528records.com is.
It's an alternative to iTunes.
In essence what it allows people to do
is upload their favorite music,
which is in 440,
into transposing it to 528.
They get a download of their favorite music,
and it's gonna be about 99 cents, by donation.
This is all donation
and collaboration.
People who are like-hearted,
in understanding now that we can literally transform
not just our bodies,
because if you think about the metaphor
of a pebble thrown into a pond,
and the waves go out to the farthest shores.
That's what happens.
The more of us that start to play
A444 or 528, right?
That music is going to ripple out because this is a
hydrated atmosphere.
And water, again, is a superconductor of sound.
So the more that we can put out
this love frequency vibration
in association with what's already happening,
the spiritual renaissance.
There's an exponential acceleration of our consciousness
and awareness,
and our love
for ultimately creating a peaceful planet.
And healing ourselves
of all of the poisons that we've been--
Is this a software of sorts,
through acoustical physicist
they put together that you run the frequency through
and it simply brings it up to, as we say,
just those 4 hertz up to the next frequency
so that it's now coherent with your system?
That's exactly right.
And it was so hard to find these guys.
I had to do a search worldwide.
There was no one in the United States
who had the background in acoustics
and the physics and the understanding
of the electromagnetic frequency vibrations,
and software development,
that could actually develop this technology.
But we got it,
in Russia.
So we're actually partnered with a group from Russia,
of developers who love this concept,
who understand it as we do,
as a heartfelt humanitarian contribution.
Because literally, this is the most important
revelation in technology to set us free.
Freeing us with music.
The best metaphor is go back and watch
the Beatles' Yellow Submarine.
It's a story of how this magnificent community
of Pepperlanders, are creative
and they're engaged in music and arts.
And they're colorful, and alive, and vibrant,
and creative, and artistic,
and here's what happens is the Blue Meanies come suddenly.
First thing they do is they silence the music.
And they put all of the musical instruments in prison.
And the people who are now fully enlivened,
turned to fragile black and white.
And the Blue Meanies drop these little green apple bombs,
that then the vibrations shatter the Pepperlanders,
'cause they're froze in black and white now.
And the one guy that escapes,
the captain of the Yellow Submarine goes into the future,
gets the Beatles that come back.
First thing they do is emancipate the musical instruments
from prison.
They get the instruments back out,
they give it to the people,
the people start playing the music again,
and the Blue Meanies can't stand the music.
So they run, they run away.
And that's what we're doing here.
The more people that play C528 music,
that energy, that vibration is gonna go out and touch
everyone's heart.
And as everyone's heart starts to open up
and be uplifted with
what all of nature already vibrates to,
then we come into communion with nature.
We're no longer manipulating nature,
we're no longer in our egoic brains,
manipulated there by 440.
We're now engaged in heartfelt, loving interaction,
optimally divine human communion
available to we the people, the masses,
right here, right now.
Suddenly now you have a whole transformation,
the whole paradigm shifts,
from chemical manipulation
into spiritual renaissance.
Well, I can't think of any better note to close on.
Thank you so much, Leonard,
for taking time to talk to us today.
Thanks, Regina.
Appreciate the opportunity.
To learn more about the love 528 frequency,
you can go to Leonard's website
at tetrahedron.org.
You'll also find books and videos on vaccines,
and information about his product OXYSILVER
for those interested.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(surreal techno music)